way to go Sam with those p 3 r's out of
commission it'll be a lot safer to
extract you wow you mean you're actually
planning to get me out of here alive one
day the plane is too badly damaged to
recover the data you leave to phone back
and designate the target for an
airstrike here's the structure down the
street for your platform let me get the
pilots to safety first we don't have a
lot of time Sam hinkie recovery team is
on route are you ordering me to leave
these guys here and call in an air
strike I'm telling you what the
objective is trusting you to complete it
have your orders Fisher if you
compromise this mission for those men
save energy you gave me my orders
already
all right Fisher good job it should be
safe from the plastic you designate the
wreckage with you
Eureka
Sam you need to designate the no point
in rescuing one our meeting the other
don't even exist Fisher you can't get a
medal for this medals don't help me
sleep at night Lambert
he's using smoke looks like someone got
some smoke grenades for Christmas
alright the pilots are safe take out
that play
hello
should be able to designate the
breakfast
in
hello there paperboy this is postman we
have here Claire
permanent close man and there you go big
boy
it is in the man
I'm an animal
Plus man